All right.
Welcome back.
So in this file we have two imports pandas and numpy.
And we have some data.
And what we've done is we've added some different comments that we would like the tab autocomplete to
go through and perform operations on this data frame.
So for example we can just go here and then we can use the tab completion to save the file to CSV.
And if we go and here and you can just see we can just keep tabbing.
And then if I go down and go in here again I can also do some tabs.
And again you can see it's not completely perfect but it's getting the rough gist.
We've got a mistake here.
Let's see if cursor can actually pick this up.
And this is a testament to seeing if we can actually figure out if this thing is going to work.
And it doesn't look like it knows that there's a typo in the variable name.
Let's have a look and see if cursor picks this up.
So in the in here, what I'm showing you here is that the AI code completion is not working.
If it's already generated the code.
Right.
And that might be something you want to have a look at.
So don't take cursor as gospel truth But you'll see if we delete the code and then we we do it.
It actually does give us the right result.
So again this could be something that you want to be thinking about is don't always necessarily just
follow it if you've already got code that's existing.
And then again, the other thing I want to show you with Tab is for example, you can see we have named
this data frame.
Well, if we were to name this DF ten then what happens is we're now going to end up with a lot of these
where there is not defined.
And I could do something like this where if I do df and I do DF ten.
Watch what happens here.
So now that we've got a lot of errors in the code, let's have a look at what it's going to do.
So actually look at this.
So df.
DF.
DF temp tab.
Tab tab.
So again cursor is able to detect that all of these should now be DF ten.
So again that's the second point around this tab system.
You don't just have to necessarily go to that file.
If you change a variable name it will actually go and pick up on some of the errors for you that you
can automatically then start to fill in.
So if you change a variable in one file and then later down the line in that same file, you have the
variable that was called.
And you know you need to go and update those variable references.
Cursor is clever enough to pick up on those.
Additionally, if you look at the top, we could add on a extra bit to the comment.
So add three extra columns.
With random data.
Experience bonus department.
And then you'll see here.
Then we can just tab and we can add that data in as well.
Instead of using specific comments.
What we can do is we can make a very expressive function name about what we want to achieve.
So I can say def calculate today's date versus birthday.
And then again notice how we've got some errors here with the date time.
So if we're just going to have a look maybe we could go up here.
And then you can see it decides that it needs to import the birth time.
And then the other things that we've got which are errors, is we could also add type hints.
So we take in a date time and we return a boolean.
And then we also have the ability to add on additional functions.
And because we're aware of this as the function we've got, we could say add on some helper functions.
If you now create a new Python file called function declarations, we could have a look at how, instead
of writing Python comments to create effective Python functions or classes, we could actually just
make the name of the function really descriptive and expressive for what that function needs to do.
So for example, we could say def calculate today's birthday versus birthday for the calculate date.
And then again we've got these problems here where what we need to do is then we then need to go to
the top here.
And then you can then see that the tab decides to import the date time.
So we've calculated today's date versus the birth date.
And also it's well worth thinking about.
The more code you write, the the more expressive the tab generation is going to be.
Because cursor is actually indexing your entire code base in real time.
And it's also using what kinds of files you have open, what kinds of files you've edited recently.
So it's using all of that additional context to help drive the tab completion.
So you can see now if I say create some helper functions for the tab completion is going to be very
much driven.
And you can see we've got a hallucination here.
Maybe we want to say something like is is even or like is odd.
So maybe a certain month might be a better way of doing this in certain age range.
We could also say, and you can see this isn't perfect, but we could say something like is in certain
month.
And then again, we've got a certain month that we can then do.
And you've got the generation start to get a bit more useful.
Now I will say the more code you have, the better you're going to get in terms of in terms of this
code generation.
You can see here it's also recommending that we have these additional helper functions.
So just be aware that the more code that you produce and the more files that you have edited and the
more code that you have in your code base is going to help drive the prediction of the tab autocomplete.
Cool.
All right.
I'll see you all in the next one.